Hola, is Rosa still alive? No? Well this is not my day. OH MY GOD, WE'RE HAVING A FIRE… sale. Oh, the burning! ♪♪ Amaaaaaaziiiing Graaaace ♪♪ She's not 'that Mexican', Mom. She's my Mexican. And she's Colombian or something. 

Taste the happy, Michael! Taste it! I've always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest? M: I'll never forget your wedding. [climbing under trampoline] This shall keep me safe from the hot Mexican sun. Heyyyyy, hermano. Oh by the way, Doctor said no kissing her on the face for one week. I was like make it two weeks, see if I care! There's been a lot of lying in this family. And a lot of love! More lies. ♪♪ And the thought of rubbin' you is getting so exciting. Sky rockets in flight! Afternoon delight! ♪♪ It's so watery. And yet there's a smack of ham to it. 

How do you know Steve Holt? Are you in AA? And here you are coming out of your mother's third base! Oh, like when they say "poofter" to mean "tourist", yes. 

Ohhh little guy. The tears aren't coming. The tears just aren't coming. So you take your mom to work every day? Bummer. Moms are such a pain in the ass, huh? It's, like, die already! 

Hey, if I can't find a horny immigrant by then, I don't deserve to stay. Yes. Lindsay and I are planning a night of heterosexual intercourse. Michael, you are not quite the ladies man I had pictured. Hopefully, we will remedy that when we are in the spa spreading body chocolate on each other. 

I could use a leather jacket for when I'm on my hog and have to go into a controlled slide. I'm a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? You burn down the storage unit? Oh, most definitely. I made a huge tiny mistake. Sister's my new mother, Mother. And is it just me or is she looking hotter? 

And although the intervention didn't work, it turned into one of the Bluth family's better parties. I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. Did you enjoy your lunch, mom? You drank it fast enough. 

It seems like only yesterday you were bursting forth from your mother's fertile womb. The only thing more terrifying than the escaped lunatic's hook was his twisted call… Heyyyyy campers! Fun and failure both start out the same way. This show was cancelled. I mean, COME ON. With spicy club sauce. It's OUR nausea. 

♪♪ Somewhere… over the rainbow… there's another rainbow… ♪♪ If I wanted something your thumb touched I'd eat the inside of your ear. Heyyyyyy, Uncle Father Oscar. And don't make the water too hot. The scabs come right off. 

She's trying to prove that she's closer to my children than I am, but the joke's on her, because she doesn't know how little I care for GOB. The only person that gets Lucille this excited is Gene. There's unlimited juice? This party is gonna be off the hook. It's one banana Michael, what could it cost, ten dollars? Saw this on the highway and almost blue myself.  Hop on? Chicken fingers… with spicy club sauce. 

